c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IRAPIREST\IRAPIREST\bin\IRAPIREST.dll.config
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IRAPIREST\IRAPIREST\bin\IRAPIREST.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IRAPIREST\IRAPIREST\bin\IRAPIREST.pdb
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IRAPIREST\IRAPIREST\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IRAPIREST\IRAPIREST\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IRAPIREST\IRAPIREST\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IRAPIREST\IRAPIREST\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IRAPIREST\IRAPIREST\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IRAPIREST\IRAPIREST\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IRAPIREST\IRAPIREST\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IRAPIREST\IRAPIREST\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IRAPIREST\IRAPIREST\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IRAPIREST\IRAPIREST\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IRAPIREST\IRAPIREST\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IRAPIREST\IRAPIREST\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IRAPIREST\IRAPIREST\obj\Debug\IRAPIREST.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IRAPIREST\IRAPIREST\obj\Debug\IRAPIREST.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IRAPIREST\IRAPIREST\obj\Debug\IRAPIREST.pdb
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IRAPIRest\IRAPIREST\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IRAPIRest\IRAPIREST\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IRAPIRest\IRAPIREST\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IRAPIRest\IRAPIREST\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IRAPIRest\IRAPIREST\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IRAPIRest\IRAPIREST\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IRAPIRest\IRAPIREST\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IRAPIRest\IRAPIREST\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IRAPIRest\IRAPIREST\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IRAPIRest\IRAPIREST\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IRAPIRest\IRAPIREST\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IRAPIRest\IRAPIREST\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IRAPIRest\IRAPIREST\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IRAPIRest\IRAPIREST\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IRAPIRest\IRAPIREST\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IRAPIRest\IRAPIREST\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IRAPIRest\IRAPIREST\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IRAPIRest\IRAPIREST\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IRAPIRest\IRAPIREST\obj\Debug\IRAPIREST.Migrations.first.resources
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IRAPIRest\IRAPIREST\obj\Debug\IRAPIREST.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IRAPIRest\IRAPIREST\obj\Debug\IRAPIREST.Migrations.Second.resources
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IRAPIRest\IRAPIREST\obj\Debug\IRAPIREST.Migrations.three.resources
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IRAPIRest\IRAPIREST\obj\Debug\IRAPIREST.Migrations.four.resources
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IRAPIRest\IRAPIREST\obj\Debug\IRAPIREST.Migrations.five.resources
C:\Users\LENOVO\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IRAPIRest\IRAPIREST\obj\Debug\IRAPIREST.Migrations.six.resources
